README.md, before:

# Food Delivery Time Prediction

This project predicts food delivery times in Bengaluru using restaurant and customer location data, restaurant type, preparation time, and order hour. It uses geocoding, feature engineering, and a machine learning model (Random Forest) to estimate delivery times.

## Features
- Geocodes restaurant addresses using Nominatim.
- Simulates customer locations and order data.
- Trains a Random Forest regression model with hyperparameter tuning.
- Provides a Streamlit web app for easy predictions.

## Setup Instructions

1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/balanivansh/L2-project-QuickBites.git
   cd L2-project-QuickBites
   ```

2. **Create and activate a Python virtual environment:**
   ```sh
   python -m venv l2_project_env
   l2_project_env\Scripts\activate
   ```

3. **Install dependencies:**
   ```sh
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

4. **Run the data acquisition and model training scripts:**
   ```sh
   python 01_acquire_and_geocode_data.py
   python 02_train_and_save_model.py
   ```

5. **Launch the Streamlit app:**
   ```sh
   streamlit run app.py
   ```

## Model Details

- **Input features:** Restaurant name, customer location, restaurant type, preparation time, order hour, geodesic distance, peak hour indicator.
- **Output:** Estimated delivery time (minutes).
- **Model:** Random Forest Regressor with GridSearchCV for hyperparameter optimization.

Commit message:

Add Quick Start and Project Overview to README

README.md, after:

# QuickBites: Food Delivery Time Prediction

[![QuickBites UI](quickbites.png)](https://quickbites.streamlit.app/)

## 🚀 Quick Start

Try the app instantly:
- **Live Demo:** [https://quickbites.streamlit.app/](https://quickbites.streamlit.app/)
- No setup required—just click and use!

## 📝 Project Overview
QuickBites predicts food delivery times in Bengaluru based on restaurant and customer locations, restaurant type, preparation time, and order hour. It’s designed for:
- Food delivery enthusiasts
- Data science learners
- Anyone interested in location-based ML applications

The app uses geocoding, feature engineering, and a Random Forest model to estimate delivery times. You can run it locally or use the live demo above.

## Features
- Geocodes restaurant addresses using Nominatim.
- Simulates customer locations and order data.
- Trains a Random Forest regression model with hyperparameter tuning.
- Provides a Streamlit web app for easy predictions.

## Setup Instructions

1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/balanivansh/L2-project-QuickBites.git
   cd L2-project-QuickBites
   ```

2. **Create and activate a Python virtual environment:**
   ```sh
   python -m venv l2_project_env
   l2_project_env\Scripts\activate
   ```

3. **Install dependencies:**
   ```sh
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

4. **Run the data acquisition and model training scripts:**
   ```sh
   python 01_acquire_and_geocode_data.py
   python 02_train_and_save_model.py
   ```

5. **Launch the Streamlit app:**
   ```sh
   streamlit run app.py
   ```

## Model Details

- **Input features:** Restaurant name, customer location, restaurant type, preparation time, order hour, geodesic distance, peak hour indicator.
- **Output:** Estimated delivery time (minutes).
- **Model:** Random Forest Regressor with GridSearchCV for hyperparameter optimization.
